added modal to show wallet information (#175)
rsksmart/rLogin: README.md

    
    > Sample: https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-identity-manager/blob/main/src/helpers.ts

> 5. Once you are connected, you can use the showModalInfo to open a popup with the wallet info.
> 
>     ```typescript
>     const openWalletInfo = () => {
>         rLogin.showModalInfo()
>     }
>     ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Triggers

Once the user is connected, you can use the triggers to show info to the user.

To show the **wallet information** (address and network):

```typescript
rLogin.showWalletInfo()
```

```
